Chromie: "Hehe! I was just remembering a joke I tell you in the future. You're going to love it."
Why does The Butcher hate fighting ETC on Sky Temple? He prefers ground beef.
Why did Jaina rate Heroes of the Storm 10/10? Unlike IGN, she loves Blizzard.
Johanna, Zul'jin, and Rehgar walk into a bar. Murky walks under it.
Why does Leoric get tutoring sessions from Nova? Because she did really well at Ghost Academy.
Murky walks into a bar. The bartender says: "Sorry, we don't serve fish here."
Why did Nazeebo quit his private practice? People never knew witch doctor they were seeing.
How does Tyrael like his drink? With just-ice.
Why does Zagara hate to go out during Winter? Because it's warm indoor.
Why did Falstad use Flight to cross the road? Because he wanted to join his team on the other side.
What do you call a Protoss smoking weed? High Templar.
How many Blizzard employees does it take to fix a lightbulb? None. They just nerf darkness.
What's Valeera's favorite drink? Subtle Tea.
The bartender says: "We don't serve gnomes here." Chromie walks into a Horde bar.
How does Alarak like his cheese grated? Finely.
What does Nazeebo say when it's cold outside? Brrra!
Rexxar and Misha walk into a bar. The bartender says: "Where did you get that?!" Misha says: "Kalimdor."
While visiting Uther's house, Arthas notices a switch he has never seen before. Curious, he asks: "What's that switch for?". Uther says: "For the light!"
Why should you not get too close to enemy Garrosh? Because hell-scream.
What is Zul'jin's favorite game? Taz'bingo.
Why did Gul'dan take damage after leaving Medivac Dropship? Because he fel.
What did Arthas say when the power went out? "I see... only darkness... before me."
Why does Sylvanas hate weekdays? Because she has no time for games.
Why did Illidan not eat his dinner yet? Because it was not prepared.
How does Anduin manage to be so beautiful? Because he is eating light.
Blaze and Tychus meet after a long time. Blaze says: "Need a light?" Tychus replies: "No, thanks. Blizzard made me quit smoking."
What do Garrosh and Fenix have in common? They are both pro-toss.
Why was Tyrande admitted to the psych ward? Because she heard the voice of a loon.
What's the best thing about Raynor? I don't know but Adrenaline Rush is a big plus.
Why is Hanzo not a particularly gifted storyteller? His tales tend to drag-on.
Why is Will Smith afraid of Zarya? Because she fires at will.
Why does Tracer have good memory? She can always recall what happened.
What does Kharazim do when you die to Boss? They face-palm.
Why do women find Lúcio attractive? Because of his accent.
What did Ragnaros say when he met the enemy team? Nothing, he just waved.
Stitches walks into a bar and says: "Hey, bartender! Can I have a beer and a mop?"
